Onboarding PR: first gamification use cases (#105)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/usecases/plant_lore.md

# Use Case: Plant Lore

## Summary

- **Scope:** Plant Lore
- **Level:** User Goal
- **Actors:** App User

> - **Brief:** The user gets shown information on recommended plants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Brief:** The user gets shown information of plants recommended for diversity.
```

- **Status:** Draft

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**
  - The user has opened the app and is editing a map.
- **Main success scenario:**

>   - The user hovers over the [for diversity reasons recommended plant](layers/plants_layer.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The user hovers over the [for diversity recommended plant](layers/plants_layer.md).
```
